Selenium Class 01

What is software testing?
--> identify the correctness and quality of the application

How many way can we actually test?
-->manual
-->automation

When do we go for automation testing?
--> after manual testing is passed
--> when environment is stable
--> analyze out test suite and choose out automation tools

What automation tools do we know about?
--> Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG, JUnit, Katalon Studio, UFT/QTP

Level of testing:
1. Unit testing (tested by developers)
2. Integration testing (tested by testers)
3. Acceptance testing (tested by clients)
4. System testing (tested mostly by developers)

Types of testing?
--> Functional testing (smoke, regression, etc)
--> Non-functional testing (Performace testing --load, stree, performcance of the app in a severe load
&& secutiry testing --how easy is yout app to hack)

Selenium components:
Selenium IDE -- integrated development environment
Selenium Grid -- Firefox plugin
Selenium WebDriver
Selenium RC - Remote Control

What is Selenium WebDriver?
Open source automation tool which allows us to perform actions on a web applications WebDriver is an Interface

Advantages of Selenium Webdriver:
1. Its an open source tool (free);
2. Can work with different browsers and supports cross browsing testing;
3. Operating System independent (iOS, Windows, Linux);
4. Supports different computer language (Java, Javascript, python, ruby);

Disadvantages of Selenium WebDriver:
1. Cannot test desktop applications;
2. No technical support;
3. No built in reports;
4. Cannot test images, videos, captchas;

                    get()               vs.                  navigate()
1.get()will wait for the page to fully load                  1. can go back,forward, and refresh
    whereas navigate() will not
2. get() will not keep the history of the browser whereas --------> 2. will keep history


close()                                    vs.                          quit()
1. close() current tab                                        1. quit() close the whole browser


fullscreen                               vs.                    maximize()
1.fullscreen() will maximize the whole web page     1. maximize will maximize the browser and you will still
                                                    be able to see the control panel(back,forward,bookmarks)